Add pull mode to remote job execution (#1630)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_about-running-jobs-on-hosts.adoc

Before you can use Ansible roles, you must import the roles into {Project} from the {SmartProxy} where they are installed.

Communication occurs through {SmartProxyServer}, which means that {ProjectServer} does not require direct access to the target host, and can scale to manage many hosts.

By default, remote execution transports job details over SSH.
This is referred to as _push mode_.
The SSH service must be enabled and running on the target hosts and the remote execution {SmartProxy} must have access to port 22 on the target hosts.

> If the requirements of your infrastructure disallow connections from {SmartProxy} to the target hosts, you can use _pull mode_.

Reviewer: Perhaps simplify this:
```suggestion
If your infrastructure disallows connections from {SmartProxy} to the target hosts, you can use _pull mode_.
```
